hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_di_module_FoodiumDatabaseModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_di_module_FoodiumDatabaseModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_di_module_PostRepositoryModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_di_module_PostRepositoryModuleModuleDeps
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/databinding/ContentPostDetailsBinding.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.databinding.ContentPostDetailsBinding
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/Hilt_FoodiumApp.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.Hilt_FoodiumApp
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.Hilt_FoodiumApp$1
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/main/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/details/PostDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.details.PostDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjector
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/data/local/dao/PostsDao_Impl.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.dao.PostsDao_Impl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.dao.PostsDao_Impl$1
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.dao.PostsDao_Impl$2
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.dao.PostsDao_Impl$3
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.dao.PostsDao_Impl$4
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.dao.PostsDao_Impl$5
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.dao.PostsDao_Impl$6
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/details/PostDetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.details.PostDetailsViewModel_Factory
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/main/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/details/Hilt_PostDetailsActivity.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.details.Hilt_PostDetailsActivity
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/details/PostDetailsActivity_MembersInjector.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.details.PostDetailsActivity_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModuleModuleDeps
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/FoodiumApp_HiltComponents.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/data/local/FoodiumPostsDatabase_Impl.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.FoodiumPostsDatabase_Impl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.local.FoodiumPostsDatabase_Impl$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_details_PostDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_details_PostDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$1
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.DaggerFoodiumApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_di_module_FoodiumApiModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_di_module_FoodiumApiModuleModuleDeps
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/di/module/FoodiumApiModule_ProvideRetrofitServiceFactory.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.di.module.FoodiumApiModule_ProvideRetrofitServiceFactory
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.MainViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModuleModuleDeps
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/details/PostDetailsViewModel_PostDetailsViewModelFactory_Impl.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.details.PostDetailsViewModel_PostDetailsViewModelFactory_Impl
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/BuildConfig.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.BuildConfig
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/databinding/ActivityPostDetailsBinding.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.databinding.ActivityPostDetailsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/di/module/FoodiumDatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.di.module.FoodiumDatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/di/module/FoodiumDatabaseModule_ProvidePostsDaoFactory.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.di.module.FoodiumDatabaseModule_ProvidePostsDaoFactory
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/FoodiumApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.FoodiumApp_GeneratedInjector
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/databinding/ItemPostBinding.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.databinding.ItemPostBinding
dev/shreyaspatil/foodium/data/repository/DefaultPostRepository_Factory.java
 dev.shreyaspatil.foodium.data.repository.DefaultPostRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_FoodiumApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.dev_shreyaspatil_foodium_FoodiumApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
